# packages in environment at /Users/hiroakimatsumoto/miniforge3/envs/stanbayes:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
accelerate                0.32.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
arviz                     0.19.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               hd03087b_2    conda-forge
blas                      2.122                  openblas    conda-forge
blas-devel                3.9.0           22_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311ha891d26_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.32.2               h99b78c6_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.7.4             hf0a4a13_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               hc6c324b_2    conda-forge
cctools_osx-arm64         986                  h62378fb_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.7.4           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py311h4a08483_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clang                     16.0.6          default_h675cc0c_11    conda-forge
clang-16                  16.0.6          default_h5c12605_11    conda-forge
clang_impl_osx-arm64      16.0.6              hc421ffc_18    conda-forge
clang_osx-arm64           16.0.6              h54d7cd3_18    conda-forge
clangxx                   16.0.6          default_h675cc0c_11    conda-forge
clangxx_impl_osx-arm64    16.0.6              hcd7bac0_18    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-arm64         16.0.6              h54d7cd3_18    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt               16.0.6               h3808999_2    conda-forge
compiler-rt_osx-arm64     16.0.6               h3808999_2    conda-forge
cons                      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.1           py311hcc98501_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.2           py311hb9542d7_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dm-tree                   0.1.8           py311hea19e3d_4    conda-forge
etuples                   0.3.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.2                hebf3989_0    conda-forge
filelock                  3.15.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h82840c6_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.1          py311hd3f4193_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hadb7bae_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h27ca646_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.6.1           pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              h7ddc832_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.1.5           py311h1e33d93_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hebf3989_1003    conda-forge
graphviz                  11.0.0               h9bb9bc9_0    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h91d5085_5    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                he42f4ea_4    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5netcdf                  1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.11.0          nompi_py311hd41bb03_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                h1836168_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_hec07895_105    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
huggingface_hub           0.23.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 hc8870d7_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.0.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        8.0.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh57ce528_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.26.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
japanize-matplotlib       1.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jax                       0.4.30                   pypi_0    pypi
jaxlib                    0.4.30                   pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py311h267d04e_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py311he4fd1f5_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 ha0e7c42_0    conda-forge
ld64_osx-arm64            711                  ha4bd21c_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_h00cdb27_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                hebf3989_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           22_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           22_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp16            16.0.6          default_h5c12605_11    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                h7b6f9a7_1    conda-forge
libcxx                    18.1.8               h167917d_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         hc8eb9b7_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                hebf3989_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3                hfdf3952_9    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           13_2_0_hd922786_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hf226fd6_3    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.3               h59d46d9_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h0d3ecfb_2    conda-forge
libintl                   0.22.5               h8fbad5d_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hb547adb_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           22_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           22_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm16                 16.0.6               haab561b_3    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               ha4dd798_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          openmp_h517c56d_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h091b4b1_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               hbfab5d5_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.2               h1db61d3_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hfb93653_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h7a5bd25_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h07db509_3    conda-forge
libtorch                  2.3.1           cpu_generic_hac4f340_1    conda-forge
libuv                     1.48.0               h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.4.0                h54798ee_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                h93a5062_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.16                 hf2054a2_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               h9a80f22_3    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hfb2fe0b_1    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               18.1.8               hde57baf_0    conda-forge
llvm-tools                16.0.6               haab561b_3    conda-forge
logical-unification       0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
macosx_deployment_target_osx-arm64 11.0                 h6553868_1    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py311h05b510d_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.1           py311hba6b155_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
minikanren                1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ml-dtypes                 0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mpc                       1.3.1                h91ba8db_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h41d338b_1    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multipledispatch          0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  hb89a1cb_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h7125741_0    conda-forge
numpyro                   0.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
openblas                  0.3.27          openmp_h560b219_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h9f1df11_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                hfb2fe0b_2    conda-forge
opt-einsum                3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py311h4b4568b_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.54.0               h9ee27a3_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                h297a79d_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.4.0          py311hd7951ec_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.4               hebf3989_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.47             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    6.0.0           py311hd3f4193_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h27ca646_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymc                      5.16.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymc-base                 5.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytensor                  2.25.2          py311h88e2b1b_0    conda-forge
pytensor-base             2.25.2          py311h0111b8e_0    conda-forge
python                    3.11.9          h932a869_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-graphviz           0.20.3             pyh717bed2_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    4_cp311    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.3.1           cpu_generic_py311h82099cb_1    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py311heffc1b2_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.0.3          py311h9bed540_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h420ef59_5    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h92ec313_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
safetensors               0.4.3           py311h94f323b_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.1           py311hbfb48bc_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.13.1          py311hceeca8c_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
setuptools                71.0.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sigtool                   0.1.3                h44b9a77_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.6.1                hf6b88df_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.2          py311h5d790af_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.13.0          pypyh2585a3b_103    conda-forge
tapi                      1100.0.11            he4954df_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py311hd3f4193_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xarray                    2024.6.0           pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xarray-einstats           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb547adb_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                hcc0f68c_4    conda-forge
zipp                      3.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hfb2fe0b_1    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py311h4a6b76e_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                hb46c0d2_0    conda-forge
